## Welcome to the Bebbo Community!

Bebbo is more than an app - it\'s a movement. We\'re building an
open-source, community-driven digital parenting resource to empower
parents worldwide in supporting their children\'s healthy development.
Every child deserves access to evidence-based guidance, regardless of
their location or circumstances.

We\'re excited to welcome passionate individuals who share our vision.
Whether you\'re a developer, designer, translator, content creator, or
someone who cares about early childhood development, your contribution
matters. Explore our [[project description and goals
document]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aXUUz5Sc19SjDRF12Z807UkOQkcyIKpTKLsY8XeL1fg/edit?usp=sharing)
to learn more about Bebbo.

**Why Contribute to Bebbo?**

- Make a Real Difference: Your efforts will directly impact the lives of
  > parents and children worldwide, promoting healthy development and
  > building a brighter future.

- Be Part of a Global Community: Join a vibrant and inclusive network of
  > developers, designers, translators, and parenting experts passionate
  > about early childhood development.

- Learn and Grow: Enhance your skills, gain valuable experience, and
  > contribute to a meaningful project that makes a difference.

- Showcase your Expertise: Share your knowledge and creativity to shape
  > Bebbo's future and its impact on families.

**Code of Conduct**

At UNICEF Bebbo, we believe in the power of collaboration to create a
better world for children. To ensure everyone feels welcome and
respected, we follow a [[Code of
Conduct]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4RET8CRo7M4Y6qktWHXzUE6V1kzSl5s/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=103248080299151163337&rtpof=true&sd=true)
that promotes a culture of inclusivity. By contributing to Bebbo, you
agree to uphold these principles. Together, we can foster a positive and
respectful community where everyone feels valued and empowered to
contribute. Learn more in our [[Code of
Conduct]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4RET8CRo7M4Y6qktWHXzUE6V1kzSl5s/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=103248080299151163337&rtpof=true&sd=true)
document.

**How to Contribute**

1.  **Contribute to Bebbo Projects**

- Explore our GitHub repositories: The Bebbo CMS repository is
  > [[here]{.underline}](https://github.com/UNICEFECAR/parenting-app-bebbo-CMS),
  > and its contribution guidelines are
  > [[here]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MXoyYiQGvAgDGTN5dJahgeMnaBsYuYSU/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=103248080299151163337&rtpof=true&sd=true).

- Bebbo mobile app repository can be found
  > [[here]{.underline}](https://github.com/UNICEFECAR/parenting-app-bebbo-mobile).

> Set up your development environment with our tech stack (e.g., React
> Native, PHP) using the instructions in the respective guidelines. Note
> that the installation process differs for the Bebbo CMS and Mobile App
> codebases.

2.  Engage with the Community:

    - Participate in online discussions, forums, and social media
      > groups.

    - Attend virtual events to connect with contributors and experts.

    - Share your ideas to help shape the future of Bebbo.

3.  Spread the Word:

    - Share Bebbo with friends and colleagues.

    - Share your contributions and experiences on social media,
      > promoting Bebbo and its impact.

Together, we can ensure every parent has access to the resources they
need to nurture and empower their children.

Join the Bebbo community today and make a lasting difference!

**Hashtags:** \#Bebbo \#OpenSource \#DigitalParenting
\#EarlyChildhoodDevelopment \#GlobalCommunity
